{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20160\viewh20280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \
\
\
PITCH VIA MAIL\
\
\
\
After working in the Travel Industry for several years, \'a0my partner and I, have seen a recurrent problem happening over and over again. And the one that strike us the most, is the unnecessary complexity of creating an API.\
\
APIs are not new in the internet ecosystem, however it remains as real complex, highly technical and expensive technology that only big companies can afford . For example , TA inc. where we work spend around a million dollars a year in his API which is the backbone of his business strategy.\'a0\
\
The point is that "APIs" are not affordable for everyone, that's why we are starting a company that tackle this specific problem/ need of the market .\
\
We want to make for API\'b4s what WordPress did for websites years ago. we want to bring a game-changing technology to small and medium businesses, ONG\'b4s and Educational entities that other wise wont be able to afford it.\'a0\
\
We believe the applications and the potential market is huge. and not just for Travel Industry , but for every other area that implies exchanging data and distributing content.\
\
The Big-data revolution everyone\'b4s talking about is still the revolution of a few, we want to abolish the technological entrance barrier and have more people benefiting of one of the biggest opportunities ever seen : 2.1 Billion smartphones hungry for fresh content and Data every day. \'a0\'a0\
\
We are preparing a Business Plan and working on the Financial part of the project. \'a0We are talking right now with possible partners not just for the funding but also with professionals and experts that can give us a great insight on their respective areas.\
\
Tell me if you are interested in meeting to have a deeper conversation about the project.\
\
\
}