{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Verdana;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red204\green204\blue204;\red0\green128\blue255;\red253\green134\blue8;
\red179\green179\blue179;\red26\green26\blue26;\red49\green112\blue185;\red251\green0\blue255;\red93\green150\blue212;
\red255\green0\blue128;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green128\blue0;\red51\green51\blue51;\red64\green128\blue0;
\red38\green38\blue38;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18200\viewh14960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\b\fs96 \cf2 Rings Pitches\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b\fs48 \cf0 Elevator pitch \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf3 (07-21-2014)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\pardeftab720
\cf0 "MyRing" es la neta gimme money
\b\fs48 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf3 (FTF 2014)
\f1\b\fs26 \cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\pardeftab720

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 "MyRing" makes this technology accessible to everyone. MyRing is a High End Enterprise solution for CEOs and decision makers. It empowers the non-technified companies to take advantage of Dynamic Data in the same way big corporation do.\

\b\fs48 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf3 (07-20-2014)
\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 We want individuals and companies to own and share their data with ease , we want to simplify data exchange to the point  that having someone do it for you becomes redundant.\cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\pardirnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf3 (07-20-2014)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f1\i\fs20 \cf6 APIRING\'a0 WORK WITH \cf7 _(1. WHO)__\cf6  WHO WANT TO\cf8  __(2.DESIRES)___\cf6  AND WHO NEED \cf4 __(3.NEED)___
\f0\i0\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf6 APIring\'a0 works with 
\b \cf9 companies
\b0 \cf6  who want to 
\b \cf8 open their channels of communication
\b0 \cf6  and who need 
\b \cf4 a plug & play solution\

\b0 \cf6 APIring\'a0 works with 
\b \cf7 Digital producers
\b0 \cf6  who want to 
\b \cf8 reach a wider audience
\b0 \cf6  and who need 
\b \cf4 to make a profit with their content\

\b0 \cf6 APIring\'a0 works with
\b \cf7  Politicians
\b0 \cf6  who want to 
\b \cf8 inform voters about their ideas
\b0 \cf6  and who need to 
\b \cf4 serve press & media with big amount of information.\

\b0 \cf6 APIring\'a0 works with 
\b \cf7 ONGs
\b0 \cf6  who want to 
\b \cf8 spread important information about the case they support
\b0 \cf6  and who 
\b \cf4 need to make it happen in an affordable way.\

\b0 \cf6 APIring\'a0 works with 
\b \cf7 Local Farmers
\b0 \cf6  who want to 
\b \cf8 inform local retailers about their inventory
\b0 \cf6  and who 
\b \cf4 need to collaborate with other local farmers.
\f0\fs48 \cf0 \

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf6 APIring\'a0 works with 
\b \cf7 Industries
\b0 \cf6  who want to 
\b \cf8 automate their data capture
\b0 \cf6  and who 
\b \cf4 need a solution easy to implement.\

\b0 \cf6 APIring\'a0 works with 
\b \cf7 Researchers
\b0 \cf6  who want to 
\b \cf8 inform the scientific community about their work
\b0 \cf6  and who 
\b \cf4 need to keep control over their data.\

\b0 \cf6 APIring\'a0 works with Music 
\b \cf7 Managers
\b0 \cf6  who want to 
\b \cf8 build a connection with audiences
\b0 \cf6  and who 
\b \cf4 need to inform press about releases and Tour dates.\

\b0 \cf6 APIring\'a0 works with 
\b \cf7 Advertising Companies
\b0 \cf6  who want to 
\b \cf8 innovate in Marketing
\b0 \cf6  and who 
\b \cf4 need to keep updated with the last trends in technology
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\pardeftab720
\cf3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf3 \
(07-20-2014)
\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 We bring API technology to medium size business willing to participate in the App-oriented economy.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf3 (07-20-2014)\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f2 \cf0 API RING tackle the biggest headache of the travel industry by creating easy to use APIs for non technified companies.
\f0\b\fs48 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \
(07-20-2014)\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs18 \cf0 We create easy to use APIs for the travel industry.  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf0 ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
\b\fs48 \
Quick pitch\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf3 (07-20-2014)
\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf0 MyRing.io is the highly convenient API solution for non-technical companies or developers who want to deploy in minutes. We are a SAAS that takes care of everything from load-balancing to Worldwide Data Distribution. We allow business owners and people to focus on growing their business, ideas or simply sharing their Data.
\b\fs48 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf10 (FTF Application 2014)
\b\fs48 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf11 Everyone agrees that Mobile and wearable technology is the future of communication and retail, however it's also true that there's a big technical barrier for companies and small businesses that can't afford to create their own API.  1 Billion smartphones out there (99 million just in U.S.) and many billions more joining the next years represent the biggest retail opportunity ever imagined . API Ring is a project that create tools to make this technology accessible to local business empowering them to compete in a global scale.\cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf3 (07-20-2014)\cf0 \
API RING works with anyone who want to share data and doesn't have the technical knowledge to do it. We want to make Data exchange (API's) as simple as using e-mail. We want to change the dynamic data is exchanged and distributed.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf12 (Chase 2013)\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf0 \
"Internet, the way it was meant to be"\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0 \cf0 A power shift we are seeing happening first row in the API industry. Years ago big companies like some of our clients just to have all the problem, after organizing themselves Hotels are taking control of their assets, they are taking control of their information and there's no way to stop that. The implications in who hold the control are enormous. We are inspired by giving the control back to people and small companies, putting in their hands technology not accessible to them to make them thrive on an  revolution that is reshaping the retail industry worldwide.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf12 (07-20-2014)\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs20 \cf13 We believe on an internet where the playground is even for every player and where technology is not a barrier of entrance. APIRING is committed to design the best tools to empower groups and individuals and make them technologically capable. We are a group of geeks that know that the motor of change is not technology but companies using it.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf12 (12-08-2013,   Oriented to Data Owners )  \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs20 \cf13 The only reason why we rely in third party's to hold our information is because they have the technology that the rest don't , fortunately things are changing and now is easier to have control over your data assets. A data asset is everything you put on the web, from a photo, a comment, your address, or in the case of a company. their product inventory.  A combination of technologies make this possible. API Ring provides you with the tools to take control over your information so you can erase it, filter it  or control who is using  and seeing it.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs24 \cf12 (12-10-2013 , Algorithms vs Humans curating data)   
\fs20 \cf13 \
Nowadays we live in the era of the Algorithm, we got amazed by the complexity of an algorithm and how it understand our humans routines,  We have put all our expectatives on it and expect it to guess our preferences and give us the best recommendations. However this system is imperfect because it's too perfect.  My girlfriend using my computer for one day will mess up the system understanding of my persona, it's not a () all the human,  However the truth is that the solution has always been sitting next to us.  Humans are still the best and most accurate way to understand humans.  High profile personalties in any area of knowledge are still the most influential force for consumers taking decisions.  \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs24 \cf5 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf0 ///////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b\fs48 \cf0 2 Minutes Pitch \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs24 \cf0 (Deliver and shut up)
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640
\cf3 (Pitch to Startup Alley )
\b \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0 \cf0 \
API RING its an Open Source project created to popularize Data exchange between non technical people\'85 And why does technical people need to exchange Data? or why this should be relevant for you? because until this happen, we are stuck with few Data gatekeepers. \
\
And what about my blog? or my Facebook? or Linkedin?. Unfortunately that information is platform specific, it\'92s trapped there and you need more than a village (or Google) to make sense of it.\
\
When you or your company have their information in an API it can be incarnated in different platforms, devices and most interestingly, it can be merged, compared, curated and yes, it can be erased too!.  And No, it\'92s not as Rocket Science as it sounds like, if you can configure your email account then you can use an APIRing.\
\
API RING will abolish the barrier that prevents everyone from attaining the information we desperately want to give and receive. APIRing is about breaking apart these barriers and allowing us to start all over again.  After all, data owners are at the top of the pyramid ,even though they haven\'92t realized it yet. \
\
\
\
\
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b\fs48 \cf0 6 minute Pitch \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs28 \cf0 (Demo Day pitch)\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs24 \cf14 (Siri can\'92t tell Jokes Pitch)
\b0 \cf14 \

\fs20 \cf14 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs20 \cf0 situation: Group of potential investors.\
\
+Hello My name is  ..\
\
+Have you ever ask your phone for a joke.\
\
+Do you know that those jokes are recorded. That means that the phone manufacturer put it there because a lot of people was asking for one.  There's even a TV ad by general motors where some girl is talking with his car\'85 which is not true is totally \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b \cf14 (FastTrac 2013)
\b0 \cf14 \

\fs20 \cf14 This is a pitch that interact with people in the audience, it was used to present API Rings at Fast Trac to non Technical people and it worked very good. There\'92s a Deck that support this pitch but it can work without it too
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Situation: Audience looking at you, 6 minutes max allowed to deliver pitch.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\fs18 \cf0 +(Presentator addressing the audience )- Please raise your hand if you use any app in your phone to check the weather?   \'85 and  the news, or the recipes or the Stocks?   (lot of people raising their hand)\
\
+Do you guys know who put that information there?, Who is behind this information?   (No one seems to have a clue , this is a non tech audience..like VCs)\
\
+The answer to that is no more than \'93The weather experts\'94, using tools to measure and gather that information\
\
+This group of experts put that information to your phone via something called an API\
\
+Now another question, do you know how many Smartphones exist already in the Planet:\
\
+1.5 Billion\
+And Do you know how many smartphones will join us the next 10 years.\
+2 Billion\
\
+That's a lot of phones. Do you realize that one small group of people of all the sudden have access to Billions of people in the world.  And whatever they do influence enormously their decisions.  (It's going to rain, it's going to be sunny, etc\'85)\
\
\
+Now Can I ask you, in your area\'85 Who is providing the information?\
\
\
+
\f3 \cf15  the retail opportunity for those offering their information and products through mobile devices looks promising. \
\
\
+Unfortunately this technology is too expensive and at the moment only accesible to larger companies  with deep pockets.\
\
This create a big gap between those who can afford it which is not necessarily the expert. \
\
\
+And this is where this project comes in.\
\
+ (pulling land)  API RING aims at abolishing this barrier and empower individuals and small local business to compete in a global scale.
\f0 \cf0 \
\
+Our inspiration comes from seeing close to zero local businesses directly benefiting from one of the largest commercial opportunities in history. \
\
+Our goal is to work together with small local businesses to make them technologically capable. We will allow them to compete and thrive in the app oriented economy.\
\
+ We have 10 years of internet technology experience, 5 in the API world.  API's are our bread and butter.  We create, track and troubleshoot API's on a daily basis.  \
+We know firsthand that Integration of API's are extremely difficult and expensive, however after going through th problem over and over again we realize that we can streamline the process, make it economically viable.   \
\
\
+ API RING  technical components are the same big tech companies are using, the only difference is that now they are accessible to everyone . We are also committed to create an ambitious educational program  for Entrepreneurs , business owners and anyone interested in jumping into this technology.  We understand that the only way to make this work is to have business owners engaged \
\
+If you are interested in knowing more about API Ring please contact us, I would love to sit with you to see how Rings can take your business to the next level.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b \cf10 (Disrupt 2014)
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs20 \cf10 This is a pitch for specific for Dynamic Pricing, but there\'92s a lot of concepts that apply to Rings in general.
\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b\fs18 \cf0 -The short statement:
\b0   \
\
- We create easy to use APIs for the travel industry.  \
\

\b -The attention grabber :
\b0   \
\
-This is a story about a 2.1 trillion dollar industry , A big problem in that industry ,  and a solution.\
\

\b -The problem:
\b0   \
- When you book a room online, buy tickets or a flight, The price you see on the screen is either dynamic or static\
\
-It's in fact impossible to know the difference until you show up to a hotel in florida just to realize that it was overbooked, or the van that was picking you up at the airport never showed up.\
\
-To understand this let's take a look of how a price is built online.  \
\

\b -Dynamic Pricing:
\b0   \
Dynamic Prices are loaded dynamically into the system. Hotel connects their system to the Whole saler (RTO), who reach different channels of distribution worldwide, it's a seamless operation. If the hotel sell all his inventory, automatically updates everywhere. If the manager decide to create a promotion, it updates automatically too.\
\

\b -Static Pricing: 
\b0 \
Static prices are loaded manually into the system. the reason is that some vendors don't have automatic systems in place (API). They sign annual contracts, set a yearly fixed price and commit to always have product available.  This is an old school way of doing things and the biggest headache for the industry. Static pricing products can't scale on demand and are slow to react to seasonal changes or public needs. Most of customer complains within the travel industry comes from Static Pricing products.  \
Static Pricing = Customer :(\
\

\b -So why don't Travel industry forget about those companies? 
\b0 \
It seems not logic to carry those products.  Or why don\'92t those vendors catch up and create an API.\
\
-Those products are extremely important for Travel Industry (Transfer, tours, limos, restaurants,attractions)/Its not possible to get rid of them. Second . An API is not accesible to everyone, they are still extremely technical and/ or expensive. \
\

\b -And this is what this project is about:
\b0 \
1.We create easy to use APIs for the travel industry.\
API RING tackle the biggest headache of the travel industry (Static Pricing) by creating an programmatic solution for non technified companies.\
\
Doesn't matter how small the vendor is, by simply signing-in and loading his product (SAAS Solution), he will be able to distribute dynamic pricing like the big boys.\
\

\b -The super generic explanation:
\b0 \
Freemium 10k on us, pay as you go.\
AKA: Pay until you make money\
\

\b -Out place in the market:
\b0 \
The API echosystem is full by incredibly sofisticated high end solutions. We are playing the HIGH CONVENIENCE role. By making things easy and accesible, we are opening any company in any industry to distribute Dynamic Pricing. \
\
The market is huge, We have located more than 3,000 potential customers, just in U.S.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs26 \cf6 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\b\fs24 \cf10 (\'93Silos suck\'94 Pitch)
\b0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs20 \cf10 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f1 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200
\cf6 1. Data actual situation\
2. Data owner pouring info in each (hassle)\
3. Data Silos being jelous about their Data\
4. Data Silos selling your data\
5. You having control of your data\
6. Free your Data, from one single point feeding all silos\
7. Sharing with other Data Owners\
8. New Players (New clients that share the same data and curate it) \
	More Data owners adding information\
	Better Data Sets\
	You control, erase it share it. \
It's simply better for everyone. Take control of your information, an be part of the data revolution.\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\fs26 \cf6 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf6 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\f0\fs24 \cf0 //////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\b\fs48 \cf0 Mail Pitch \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640

\fs24 \cf0  
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf6 \
\
\
After working in the Travel Industry for several years, \'a0my partner and I, have seen a recurrent problem happening over and over again. And the one that strike us the most, is the unnecessary complexity of creating an API.\
\
APIs are not new in the internet ecosystem, however it remains as real complex, highly technical and expensive technology that only big companies can afford . For example , TA inc. where we work spend around a million dollars a year in his API which is the backbone of his business strategy.\'a0\
\
The point is that "APIs" are not affordable for everyone, that's why we are starting a company that tackle this specific problem/ need of the market .\
\
We want to make for API\'b4s what WordPress did for websites years ago. we want to bring a game-changing technology to small and medium businesses, ONG\'b4s and Educational entities that other wise wont be able to afford it.\'a0\
\
We believe the applications and the potential market is huge. and not just for Travel Industry , but for every other area that implies exchanging data and distributing content.\
\
The Big-data revolution everyone\'b4s talking about is still the revolution of a few, we want to abolish the technological entrance barrier and have more people benefiting of one of the biggest opportunities ever seen : 2.1 Billion smartphones hungry for fresh content and Data every day. \'a0\'a0\
\
We are preparing a Business Plan and working on the Financial part of the project. \'a0We are talking right now with possible partners not just for the funding but also with professionals and experts that can give us a great insight on their respective areas.\
\
Tell me if you are interested in meeting to have a deeper conversation about the project.
\f0\fs18 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
}